Hey, Xiao Liang
Master Bai
What kind of shitty place is this?
This is, let me introduce you
This is Mrs. Qin
It was specially arranged by Chen Tianshi
Have business to talk about
Business what business
He is the wife of the company
You just need to cooperate with him
No one will trouble you in the future
Great bridge
Can the royal family agree?
Of course the royal family is not happy
But this was arranged by Angel Chen
He didn't dare to say anything
This place is disgusting
It's a pigsty
I said I don't want to work with anyone else
I still want to take the test myself
Let's talk first
Okay, I'll come to you
It can be regarded as making your store shine
Lord Qin's rules
Panax notoginseng Kai takes you as friends of angels
Give you some preferential feed.
Is it okay?
Okay, the bridge is in pretty good condition
This stuff is nice
I'll just accept it.
Let go I let you let go
Do you hear me?
What's up?
What is fierce
Court death, I tell you
Anyone who wants to work with me
Only 19 open.
I got the ball what did you say
Do you know how powerful the piano sound is?
How many people begged to cooperate with him?
No matter how many people beg to cooperate with him
My rule is that he doesn't matter who comes
What does Master Bai mean?
Are you looking down on me?
Still look down on Master Qin
Dear, this is a misunderstanding.
Bridge, what nonsense are you talking about?
Do you know
How much effort did Chen Tianshi put in?
It's anger that sets you up for a relationship
You can't waste his hard work.
Yes, Qiaoliang, you don't need to think about it again.